# Hackerank Clone For Moringa
This project is a final capstone project at Moringa School of Technology .It's a compilation of all the skills learnt all through the software development course. It cuts across different programming languages in : REACT.js (Front-end) , Ruby , Ruby on Rails (Back-end), JavaScript, CSS and HTML.

## Description
Hackerank clone for Moringa is a software platform much like hackerrank, which could be used to assess the technical skills of software development students.The platform has a multiple user authentication i.e The Technical Mentor (TM) and the Students. Basically, it automates the in-person technical interview. It provides a user friendly experience and easy to follow layout. 

## User Interactivity (MVP Features)
The Hackerank clone platform has a multiple user-Type authentication (A Technical Mentor & Students).

As a TM ,one is able to :

1. Register & Login.
1. create an assessment with multiple choices, subjective(free text) questions or coding challenges/Katas.
1. Review and publish an assessment.
1. Send invitations to students - individually or in bulk
1. View a sorted list of students who took the test - sorted based on scores.
1. View statistics of the answers and students' performance - generated by the system.
1. View each student’s answers
1. Leave feedback below each question’s answer
1. Set the overall time limit when the test shall automatically close and submit the answers.
1. Release grades

As a Student , one is able to:

1. Register & Login 
1. See the assessments that I am signed up for.
1. Accept an invitation to an assessment
1. Receive notifications for an assessment’s information i.e when and time range
1. Have visibility on remaining time at any given moment(countdown) during the test.
1. Take a trial assessment to familiarize with the platform
1. Take an actual assessment.
1. Submit a full whiteboard process - write BDD, Pseudocode, and code
1. Read feedback from my mentors.

## Project-Setup-Instructions
### Back-End
1. Installation of the Visual studio code . 
1. Git cloning the repository .
1. install the API dependancies by running `bundle install`. 
1. Then run `rails db:migrate db:seed` for the migrations to run and seed data to database.
1. After all the dependancies have been installed run` rails s` or `rails server` to start the server and the back-end will be up running.

### Front-End
1. After Git cloning the application and the back-end running, install REACT dependancies for the front-end by running `npm install`.  
1. After all the dependancies have been installed run `npm start` or `npm run start` to start the server and the app will be up running.

## Technologies-Used
* HTML - Used as a template to hold the React components of the app via the root div. <br/>
* CSS -used to style the User Interface. <br/>
* JS - Java Script is used to make the website interactive. <br/>
* REACT.js & Redux Toolkit - For the front-end . <br/>
* Ruby on Rails- used to create a back-end API. <br/>
* PostgreSQL - used to create a database. <br/>
* ​Jest & Minitests - Testing Framework. <br/>
* Git- For Version control

## Project's-Important-Links

# Project-Design-Link
[Design link](https://www.figma.com/file/tUituS41lsYX94PYEnln59/Hacker-rank?node-id=1%3A2)

### Project-Design-Links
1. [UI Design Reference](https://www.figma.com/file/tUituS41lsYX94PYEnln59/Hacker-rank?node-id=1%3A2)
1. [ERD Design Reference](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1v_okCflmD6JtfT3j8mmLlkuQI4pIeukT/view)

### Project-Github-Repo-Link
[Project's Repository Link](https://github.com/TheEmerald001/Moringa-Hackerank.git)

## Project's-Screenshots

## Known-Bugs

## License

## Support-And-Team-Details

---
| No | Name | Email | Role |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1 | Dennis Shakava | dennis.shakava@student.moringaschool.com | Quaso |
| 2 | Elvis Kimani | elvis.kimani@student.moringaschool.com | Fronend Dev |
| 3 | Maurice Nganga | maurice.nganga@student.moringaschool.com | Lead Frentend |
| 4 | Michael Kaburu | kabururm@gmail.com    | Lead Backend |
| 5 | Wycliffe Ndiba | wycliffe.ndiba@student.moringaschool.com | Backend Dev |
| 6 | Stephen Lukanu | austines811@gmail.com |Team Lead |
---

